Major Contribution of the Paper

The paper has two major contributions:
1.  Integrated motion planning and tracking strategy for grasping that
allows the trajectory to be adapted for modeling uncertainties.
2. Development of an Extended Kalman filter for the video servo that
makes the controller more robust for grasping.

Organization and Style

The paper is mostly well-organized and clear, but there are some areas
that could be improved such as the lack of definition of nomenclature
in Section II.A

Technical Accuracy

The paper seems to be technically accurate, but the development in
Section III is unclear.  Why is the Chaser in a hardware in the loop
simulation being driven by enforcing conservation of momentum equations
rather than sensed forces from the manipulator base?

Another section that is not clear is how the minimization of the cost
function in Equation (3) is integrated into the motion planner.

Presentation

The presentation is good overall.  There are adequate equations and
illustrations to understand most of the material, but there are places
that may rely too heavily on details in the authors' previous work such
as [12] to understand what is being presented.

Adequacy of Citations

There are adequate citations for the scope of the paper.


SPECIFIC COMMENTS:

SECTION I
Fig. 1:  It is very difficult to see the frames and labels.  Where is
frame {I}?

SECTION II
Par. 1:  "dynamics" is misspelled
Eq. 1:	need to define pitch angle mathematically
Definition of vpx,py should be separate equation
Par. 4:  "to phases" should be "two phases"
Par. 5:
-H, V are not defined until Section IV before Eq. 5
-Does the motion of the robot relative to absolute (inertial?) space
change because of the motion of the Chaser?
Rigidization Phase:  Does the reference trajectory take into account
the chaser dynamics, or is that treated as a disturbance?
Eq. 3:	Where/how is this optimization done and taken into account in
the motion planner?
Note:  There are lots of places that should not be indented such as
following equations 5 & 9.
After Eq. 12: "measurement has been derived"
Eq. 17:  How is this tuned?
Last Par in II.C.1:  What happens if the minimization does get trapped
in a local minima?
Also, rephrase next sentence, "with exemplar tracked images from the
approach ..."
Is there supposed to be a Section II.C.2? It looks odd to have just C.1
Eq. 18:  How are Kp and Kd selected?

SECTION III
Eq. 19:  What is the actual control input to the Chaser?  In previous
OOS-SIM paper, it mentions a force sensor between the robot base and
Chaser that was used to control motion of the Chaser, but this method
seems very different.

SECTION IV
When exactly does the Rigidization Phase begin -- upon contact or after
fully grappled?
What was the visual servo rate?
Why did the 2 deg/sec case fail?  Was the visual servo rate too slow?
"smoother" is misspelled.
Fig. 4:  overlay is hard to see -- can it be a different color?
Fig. 6 caption:  "For the latter case, only ..."
last Par:
"In Fig. 8 ..."
"Fig. 9 shows ..."

SECTION V
several misspellings:
"main achievement"
"successfully perform"
"algorithm adopted"

[Please see attached markup for reference.]
